PROCESS.md, before:

## Navbar

- To build navbar I want to try tailwind CSS, so now I will install tailwind CSS in my vite project.

### Resources to Check

#### Tailwind CSS

- [tailwind-components](https://tailwindcomponents.com/)
- [material-tailwind](https://www.material-tailwind.com/)
- [flow-bite](https://flowbite.com/)

1/6/2024

- I modified the font family for the website by configuring it in the tailwind.config.js file. The crucial decision was determining whether to place my fontFamily configuration within the themes bracket or the extend bracket. Convention suggests putting it in the extend bracket, but I wanted fontFamily as a default without specifying the font name for every element. Consequently, I chose to place it in the theme bracket, accepting the associated risk.

### Light/Dark Mode

- Now, I want to add dark and light mode in my website. I have done it with scss but I haven't tried in react app with tailwind. So let's overcome this challenge.

#### Resources

- This guide is exactly what I've been looking for – it outlines the exact steps I want to follow in building a toggle switch. [Tailwind CSS | Dark & Light Theme Switcher](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oMOe_32M6ss&ab_channel=JohnKomarnicki)

- [Tailwind CSS Dark Mode | React App Theme Switcher](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VylXkPy-MIc&ab_channel=OverClocked)
- [Tailwind CSS Dark/Light/System Base Change Theme With Local Storage | React js dark mode](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NMTq5HIxMa8&ab_channel=CodeAProgram)

- I wasn't able to implement dark mode today; I require a bit more knowledge on that. However, in the evening session, I successfully developed a responsive navbar. It is fully functional.

- I also customized the logo for both dark and light modes, incorporating my personal touch by tweaking it with my name. I am loving the result.

- I was able to add toggle switch finally. Here is the the useful resource from [
  Lokesh Sharma](https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/creating-dark-light-mode-tailwind-css-reactjs-guide-beginners-sharma/)

Commit message:

Refactor: Relocate useState and useEffect hooks from the Toggle to Navbar

PROCESS.md, after:

## Navbar

- To build navbar I want to try tailwind CSS, so now I will install tailwind CSS in my vite project.

### Resources to Check

#### Tailwind CSS

- [tailwind-components](https://tailwindcomponents.com/)
- [material-tailwind](https://www.material-tailwind.com/)
- [flow-bite](https://flowbite.com/)

1/6/2024

- I modified the font family for the website by configuring it in the tailwind.config.js file. The crucial decision was determining whether to place my fontFamily configuration within the themes bracket or the extend bracket. Convention suggests putting it in the extend bracket, but I wanted fontFamily as a default without specifying the font name for every element. Consequently, I chose to place it in the theme bracket, accepting the associated risk.

### Light/Dark Mode

- Now, I want to add dark and light mode in my website. I have done it with scss but I haven't tried in react app with tailwind. So let's overcome this challenge.

#### Resources

- This guide is exactly what I've been looking for – it outlines the exact steps I want to follow in building a toggle switch. [Tailwind CSS | Dark & Light Theme Switcher](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oMOe_32M6ss&ab_channel=JohnKomarnicki)

- [Tailwind CSS Dark Mode | React App Theme Switcher](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VylXkPy-MIc&ab_channel=OverClocked)
- [Tailwind CSS Dark/Light/System Base Change Theme With Local Storage | React js dark mode](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NMTq5HIxMa8&ab_channel=CodeAProgram)

- I wasn't able to implement dark mode today; I require a bit more knowledge on that. However, in the evening session, I successfully developed a responsive navbar. It is fully functional.

- I also customized the logo for both dark and light modes, incorporating my personal touch by tweaking it with my name. I am loving the result.

- I was able to add toggle switch finally. Here is the the useful resource from [Lokesh-Sharma](https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/creating-dark-light-mode-tailwind-css-reactjs-guide-beginners-sharma/)

1/7/2024

- Today, I move useState from child component {toggle} to parent compoent {navbar} so that I can manipulate logo icon based on the dark mode of the window.
- I wasn't sure I can do it so I create a new branch and test my logic, but it works! Amazing! so I will merge the branch.
